




about us
Welcome to F.D SIGN SERVICES
we provide you with all sorts of services at one place.
This is a newly started where user all sorts of the day -to-day
services at one place.
customer satisfaction is our priority.
our services are provided 24x7 hr.
The services include

                DRIVE ON DEMAND


we have a huge collection trained drivers. They are hired for a day or
a week or more as per user demand.
we first take a skill test of before letting any driver to join  so
our customer would  feel more satisfaction.
"Customer Satisfaction is our motto"
The pay amounts are decided on basis of rating of the driver.
your valuable is important to make our service better.

           PLUMBER
Our plumbers are well aware of not only household but also of
industrial issues. they are an expert in the field of their work.
Their work includes fitting of all required things in the newly made home.

                          ELECTRICIAN
Electricians of our company are the master in the field of their work .
Their work includes- household system wiring , setting of electrical
appliances in house /industries and many other problems they can
handle easily.

                          CARPENTER
Carpenters can do all sorts of repairments of your household items.
Whether it's repairing furniture or your dressing table we are always
available online to help you out from your situation.

                              PAINTER
Our professional painters you will find nowhere else.
"ITS not about painting your house its about decorating your house
with your imagination ".
Painting any building is not done every day and if u can find the
cheap painter then why to miss a chance .
A professional painter can only bound your imagination into perfect boundaries .
Painting of drawing room , bedroom , a complete house are our common services.

HOME-TUTOR

"TODAY EDUCATION IS A PREREQUISITE FOR ANY INDIVIDUAL"
 Even after paying money if you can not find a good teacher then is't is a worth
Our service regarding teacher facilitation is beyond all services.
It's not the teacher it's a future of your ward we are supplying.
we have both categories primary and secondary  level teachers available.
They are facilitated  for hourly basis or for complete course basis.

           MAID
We provide maid nearer to customer location so that they could cope
wit customer time . The maid should  be hired for minimum more  than
one week.

 BABY SITTER

Baby-sitters are also facilitated on the basis of nearest location
from the customer's house .
They are also hired for more than a week minimum.




